content: rename platform "add-ons" to "packages" for Boost/Scale/Enterprise (#17068)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-vs-mixpanel.mdx

<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Good to know" type="fyi">

> A Business Associate Agreement for HIPAA compliance is available for customers with one of our [platform packages](/platform-packages). The package also includes priority support, SSO and 2FA enforcement, numerous collaboration features, and support for multiple environments within projects so you can separate dev and production data, but use the same insights and dashboards across them all.

Reviewer: I think better wording here would be `The packages also include`

Author: ```suggestion
A Business Associate Agreement for HIPAA compliance is available for customers with one of our [platform packages](/platform-packages). The packages also include priority support, SSO and 2FA enforcement, numerous collaboration features, and support for multiple environments within projects so you can separate dev and production data, but use the same insights and dashboards across them all.
```
